README.md, before:

# Cooper Johnston's CS260 Startup
Allowing you to find something worthwhile to read, and appreciate what your friends think.

## The Pitch
We live in an age full of connection online, but not much of it is _positive._ Additionally, sites such as lettrboxd allow for users to share opinions on film and televsion. \Finally, Comic Books are larger than ever due to the massive mainstream success of Marvel Studios.
This startup will create a platform for users to review and recommend books they have read, creating positive and enlightening discourse, and encouraging reading and understanding.

## The Concept
<img width="889" alt="Website Mockup" src="https://github.com/CooperJohnston/startup/assets/144291294/61a0eba5-15c2-42b0-8108-51680892ffbd">
A possible design for the website, allowing users to collect and review products.

## The Applications
- **Authentiaction:** Each user has his or her own profile that contains their information about what books they have read and reviewed, as well as their friends and history on the site.
- **Database:** This website would store information about different books and series, as well as their aggregate reviews.
- **WebSocket Data:** Traffic on the website would consist of reviews being published and the items being added to the database. As well as information regarding customer's friends.

## HTML DELIVERABLE
- **HTML Pages** - For the structure of this page I have created four html pages. The top of each page will contain links that allow for ease of access. These pages represent the login, the database containing user information, as well as contact information on the user information page.
- **Images** - Embedded in the table containing user books, from the database,are images that represent the books the user has reviewed.
- **Login** - The index page is gets input of a username and password
- **Websocket** - The popular page ranks the most popular user reviewed book and displays it for others to access and view.
- **Text** - User information, suggested information, and contact information come in text information in the user information section.

## CSS DELIVERABLE
- **PREREQUISITES** - Simon CSS successfully added, and 10+ commits occurred. Github accessible.
- **RESIZING** - The application properly resizes in all windows
- **Images** - Proper imagery was added for the table. Purposely, the have stayed rectangles to maintain the comic book feel.
- **Proper Header, Footer and Main formatting**
- **App Elements** - Design for table and buttons is formatted
- **Text** - UTF-8 font added to all elements/

## JAVASSCRIPT DELIVERABLE
-**PREQUISITES** - Simon Java deployed, 10 commits occured.
-**USER INFO** - The user information is stored in local storage, simulating a database using the users information.

Commit message:

Added functionality to the score method

README.md, after:

# Cooper Johnston's CS260 Startup
Allowing you to find something worthwhile to read, and appreciate what your friends think.

## The Pitch
We live in an age full of connection online, but not much of it is _positive._ Additionally, sites such as lettrboxd allow for users to share opinions on film and televsion. \Finally, Comic Books are larger than ever due to the massive mainstream success of Marvel Studios.
This startup will create a platform for users to review and recommend books they have read, creating positive and enlightening discourse, and encouraging reading and understanding.

## The Concept
<img width="889" alt="Website Mockup" src="https://github.com/CooperJohnston/startup/assets/144291294/61a0eba5-15c2-42b0-8108-51680892ffbd">
A possible design for the website, allowing users to collect and review products.

## The Applications
- **Authentiaction:** Each user has his or her own profile that contains their information about what books they have read and reviewed, as well as their friends and history on the site.
- **Database:** This website would store information about different books and series, as well as their aggregate reviews.
- **WebSocket Data:** Traffic on the website would consist of reviews being published and the items being added to the database. As well as information regarding customer's friends.

## HTML DELIVERABLE
- **HTML Pages** - For the structure of this page I have created four html pages. The top of each page will contain links that allow for ease of access. These pages represent the login, the database containing user information, as well as contact information on the user information page.
- **Images** - Embedded in the table containing user books, from the database,are images that represent the books the user has reviewed.
- **Login** - The index page is gets input of a username and password
- **Websocket** - The popular page ranks the most popular user reviewed book and displays it for others to access and view.
- **Text** - User information, suggested information, and contact information come in text information in the user information section.

## CSS DELIVERABLE
- **PREREQUISITES** - Simon CSS successfully added, and 10+ commits occurred. Github accessible.
- **RESIZING** - The application properly resizes in all windows
- **Images** - Proper imagery was added for the table. Purposely, the have stayed rectangles to maintain the comic book feel.
- **Proper Header, Footer and Main formatting**
- **App Elements** - Design for table and buttons is formatted
- **Text** - UTF-8 font added to all elements/

## JAVASSCRIPT DELIVERABLE
- **PREQUISITES** - Simon Java deployed, 10 commits occured.
- **USER INFO** - The user information is stored in local storage, simulating a database using the users information and websocket data.
- **DATABASE** - Using a JSON structure, a list of all the scores and their respective books is stored on local storage in the system. It is updated when a user writes their new score.
- **JAVASCRIPT INTERACTIONS** - Users can leave simple reviews of books and view popular books as they appear from other users.
